See you guys next week
-Alright, take care yeah?
-Bye
-See you
-Take care
-Hey, you wanna grab a bite to eat?
I was gonna ask a few of the others
-Uh..
-Not tonight. Thanks though.
-Alright
Right about now, one of the most terrifying things that could happen to a guy is taking place
That moment when a good guy,
a nice guy,
finally works up the courage to tell a girl,
a close friend,
that he's had feelings for her for a long time
unsure of whether or not she feels the same
he finally lets it all out,
most likely to her surprise
risking their friendship to see if
maybe, there's a chance they can be something more than friends.
It's all happening right now
to my friend Matt.
He's having a long awaited conversation with our other friend,
Anna,
about his...feelings.
So, he's been talking to me for months now about this night
trying to get my opinion as a girl
The three of us are on a dance team at school
I'm new this year, but
apparently he's had a crush on her for a long time
I'm like-
"Dude, why didn't you say something earlier?
She probably sees you as a friend by now,
and even if she did like you back at one point,
if you didn't act on it,
she probably just gave up and moved on."
Of course, this is like the worst thing that you could say to a guy
He just says,
"Well she coulda said something first."
But I told him
He's...sorta intimidating.
But, now like a year later
he finally decides to tell her.
I don't get him.
Anyway,
I haven't heard from him yet.
I wonder how it's going.
*phone beeps*
Ooh.
Gotta go. Can't wait to hear all the details.
-Nice guys finish last.
That's how it is,
that's how it's always gonna be.
She's probably gonna go date some jerk
she barely even knows,
and I've been her friend for so long.
-Maybe after tonight, she'll realize how important you are as a friend
and maybe she'll come around
-Hope so.
You're totally right, Tam
I should've just listened to you
I should've just told her from the very beginning
-Well, I do think it's good to be friends first,
sometimes.
-Not this time.
You know what she said to me?
She said,
"I hope we can still be friends."
And I'm like,
"Say what?!"
-You said that?
-No, but I should've.
-So, are you gonna stay friends?
-If we keep being friends,
that's letting her win.
She gets to move on past this night,
and keep me at a distance.
That's not fair
If she's gonna reject me,
she doesn't even deserve my friendship.
-That's a little harsh man.
She didn't do anything wrong.
Unless you're saying that
not returning your feelings makes her a bad person.
-I just want her to feel bad.
-Nice guy, huh?
Sorry
It's fresh
You're allowed to be upset.
I know what it's like.
-Yeah, man.
We need to stop-
being so nice.
She ju..she just led me on this whole time.
-Well, now you know.
And now you can move on, too.
-Yeah
You're right
Girls are dumb, and I'm not gonna be nice anymore.
-Well, this has been a productive conversation.
-Ahh, thanks for coming guys.
-Yeah, sure. Bye.
-Bye.
-See ya.
*sigh*
-Hey
I know you're really angry right now
and you probably think every girl is evil,
but I really hope this doesn't affect you too much.
-We'll see.
-C'mon, really?
It's just one girl.
You can learn from this,
but
don't take it out on everyone else.
-Yeah.
-Don't think of it as you're missing out on Anna, ok?
Try to think of it as you're dodging her,
because she wasn't right for you.
And there's a reason it's not happening
-Thanks.
Bye.
I wish I were that reason
You always hear a guy say,
"Nice guys finish last."
It's so...
Annoying.
When have you ever heard girls say,
"Nice girls finish last?"
Well, hah, guess what? It happens.
We just keep it to ourselves
Usually when a guy complains about a girl not liking him
it's because he's only focused on her.
He doesn't realize,
or acknowledge,
that there might be someone who does like him.
I guess I'm that girl.
Ever since I joined the team, I always had a thing for Matt.
We got along really well
always joking and stuff
And then,
He started telling everyone on the team I was like his little sister
Not exactly the words you wanna hear when you like a guy
But he's always been so enamored by Anna that
I don't think he's ever considered that I might like him and
if he has, he's chosen to ignore it.
Which sucks pretty bad, too.
Anyway, what do you guys think about all these guys
complaining that they're finishing last?
Do you think nice girls finish last, too?
How come we don't complain as much as them?
Now that he's all angry over Anna,
I don't know what I should do.